hey what's up guys it's pat and welcome
back to another mob battle in today's
fight is gonna be QB from the ore spawn
mod against the snow beast for legendary
beasts I figured this would be a really
cool one fire versus ice QB has 25
health while the snow beast actually has
350 and I'm pretty sure like one-on-one
just isn't gonna go so well he's
actually like 20 times the size of this
dude but he does hate fire
in Cuba lights everything on fire but
what we're gonna do is find out how many
cubies it takes to kill one snow beast
so be sure to leave a comment and let me
know what you think if we will get it
started right now one on one oh my god
he is so big in comparison like he's
afraid to attack okay he's gone for it
he's so little and he's dead I'm not too
surprised I mean look at the size of him
this is a beast right here and he did
take a decent amount of damage I mean it
was really tiny so we're gonna add a
bunch more and see how many it takes to
take down the giant snow beast he looks
like he's ready to like grab a monster
right now alright guys we're gonna go
straight to five on one I mean there's
no way that two on one would do any
better
he's on fire and I'm sure he's gonna be
on fire a lot during this battle they're
like pushing him back he doesn't even
know what to do his arms are locked up
and stuck in front of him they're
actually always like that he looks so
cool though even though he has like no
animation when he attacks
he's killed for one last one and he's
killed them all
but he actually took a lot of damage I
mean the fire really does do a ton to
him so I think we should probably go up
to like 10 now he actually broke my
arena when he stomped it is gonna be 10
cubies against one snow beast and I
think this one's gonna be really close
intense battle they're all attacking him
like they're right behind him seems like
they were great as a team and he's on
fire he's actually already down to 230
can they do it I don't know they go down
so quick is the problem he's out to 150
Wow his health is like sinking down like
crazy he's out in 87 is he gonna die oh
there's like two left
can he finish him off always actually
killed them all well the fire fit Oh a
tie I can't believe it we're gonna have
to try it again he died from the fire
damage
we will try 10 on 1 again hopefully he
doesn't burn to death can't believe that
happened he killed them all many just
died from the fire come on snow beast
you can do this there's only 10 they're
very tiny compared to you I mean you are
huge he's already down to 230 like watch
his health just going down so quick I
mean he's like a super high defense any
other mob against him like they just
can't kill him
alright he's doing really good this time
I think he's running away he's afraid
he's killed them all now don't die don't
die you've got a lot of help left
alright he survived it one tie in one
win we'll try one more and see what
happens alright guys here we go ten on
one once again will he survive and kill
them all
or will he burn to death I mean I've
never seen his health go down so quick
before like the fire is overwhelming I
mean look how many throw hard it's like
a little army of them add a key yep he's
so giant he's down to one hundred can
they take him down there's a couple left
here I think there's two oh they're dead
can the fire get him he's going out
quick will it kill him oh it doesn't
look like it's got off so close though
but if your guess was ten that was
pretty much right I mean they did
actually kill him the first time they
did die too
so I'd say 10 or 11 and you've
definitely gotten it right with this one
alright guys for the final battle it's
gonna be 100 cubies against 10 snow
beasts this one is definitely going to
be intense 9 and 10 here we go the final
battle has begun there's snow beasts all
over the place and am broken my wall it
broke my wall over there there are tons
of them over here this one is right in
the middle of it I don't know what is
going on on that side but this dude is
going down quick there's like tons of
them around um wow this guy he looks
very upset he's down to 132 looks like
most of the Cubist's are on one side of
the arena right now really like
destroying these horribly
sadly like this one is about to die so
is this one they're all working as a
team to try to win this it's pretty
amazing actually all right here they go
a giant whore to them can they take them
all out I'm kind of interested I don't
know what's gonna happen here this one's
that 166 and there's like thirty of them
like all around him he has no idea what
to do there's a couple in the corner
over there hopefully they can get to the
battle but of course I have to have a
big arena for big battles like this so
sometimes they get a little bit further
away from each other
oh no they split up a bit here this was
it a hundred ninety-nine an abuse are
definitely going to win this big one oh
man 142 he's killed them all what is
left it looks like there's three one
with nine one over six one two three I
got to get one snow beast over there and
how many snow beasts left five so Wow as
a team the snow beasts they definitely
did very good here comes one after this
snow beast he doesn't see it coming he's
like sneaking up on him
Eddy skill under still left but he's on
fire they hate fire so much all right
here they go
they're decking he's on fire one left
and it is dead so it looks like at the
end of the battle though they did much
better in the giant one four survived
one actually you know walked over fire
and died like while I was trying to push
the other one over but pretty
interesting fight definitely I like
seeing them go down so quick I mean
normally the snow beasts take forever to
die but they really freaking hate fire
anyways guys hope you enjoyed the video
if you did make sure to leave a like and
to subscribe thanks for watching I will
see you next time